We don't have a space for general discussion, I thought this was better than email.

I had Visual C++ 2008 Express Edition, which I used to do assignment 1.
For some reason, it won't open anymore, and even if it did, I'm not sure whether I would be able to make changes and upload them here. Where did you both get your Visual Studio 2008 from? I want to try and start my part as soon as I can

--Aleesha

You can get it for free at msdnaa.jcu.edu.au (I think you might have to be on campus or use Remote Access, I'm not sure though) or I still have the iso..

http://msdn70.e-academy.com/elms/Storefront/Home.aspx?campus=au_37771
that should work actually

Ashley

Thanks :)
--Aleesha


----

Is anyone else getting the error message "Repository folder has been successfully checked out but no one solution file found"? or know how to fix it? I can manually grab the files as a work around.

-- I haven't had this problem but maybe if you start a fresh project... Or is that what you're doing? Chris
----

I'm not getting that problem, but I am getting another that wasn't there when I was looking at this at uni the other day.

When you go through the the first checkpoint, one of the others also lights up green? Anyone getting this too?

-- Yes I am. I wrote it so that if you go through checkpoint 2 without going through checkpoint 1, it will light up checkpoint 1 and penalize the player for missing a point. There are currently three points: 00, 01, 02. Chris
I will have to change the numbers so that they start at one otherwise it's too confusing.